Add function tryDecrypt that returns NULL when decrypt fail (#41206)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/encryption-functions.md

Notice how only a portion of the data was properly decrypted, and the rest is gibberish since either `mode`, `key`, or `iv` were different upon encryption.

## tryDecrypt

> Similar to `decrypt`, but returns NULL if decryption fail because of using wrong key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `decrypt`, but returns NULL if decryption fails because of using the wrong key.
```

**Examples**

> Let's create a table with `user_id` is unique user id, `encrypted` is an encrypted string field, `iv` is intitial vector for decrypt/encrypt. Assume that users know their id and the key to decrypt the encrypted field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create a table where `user_id` is the unique user id, `encrypted` is an encrypted string field, `iv` is an initial vector for decrypt/encrypt. Assume that users know their id and the key to decrypt the encrypted field:
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE decrypt_null (
  dt DateTime,
  user_id UInt32,
  encrypted String,
  iv String
) ENGINE = Memory;
```

Insert some data:

```sql
INSERT INTO decrypt_null VALUES
    ('2022-08-02 00:00:00', 1, encrypt('aes-256-gcm', 'value1', 'keykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykey01', 'iv1'), 'iv1'),
    ('2022-09-02 00:00:00', 2, encrypt('aes-256-gcm', 'value2', 'keykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykey02', 'iv2'), 'iv2'),
    ('2022-09-02 00:00:01', 3, encrypt('aes-256-gcm', 'value3', 'keykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykey03', 'iv3'), 'iv3');
```

> Query with `decrypt`:
> 
> ```sql
> SELECT
>     dt,
>     user_id,
>     decrypt('aes-256-gcm', encrypted, 'keykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykey02', iv) AS value
> FROM decrypt_null
> ORDER BY user_id ASC
> ```
> 
> Result:
> 
> ```
> 0 rows in set. Elapsed: 0.329 sec.
> 
> Received exception from server (version 22.10.1):
> Code: 454. DB::Exception: Received from localhost:24071. DB::Exception: Failed to decrypt. OpenSSL error code: 0: while executing 'FUNCTION decrypt('aes-256-gcm' :: 4, encrypted :: 2, 'keykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykey02' :: 5, iv :: 3) -> decrypt('aes-256-gcm', encrypted, 'keykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykeykey02', iv) String : 6'. (OPENSSL_ERROR)
> 
> ```

Reviewer: This part is probably not needed
```suggestion
```
